README.md, before:

### Hi! Here are things about me:

🖐 I'm Mati, I'm 20 years old and I live in Paris, France.

🎓 I'm a student in computer science engineering at EPITA in Paris, France.

<!-- 💻 I code in C, C++, Java, C#, Python, PHP, JavaScript. -->
💻 I code mostly in:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-2570ae.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2b%2b-659bd3.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ea2e2d.svg?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-1e9e25.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c%20sharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3b78a7.svg?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-787cb4.svg?style=flat-square&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-f7df1e.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-f16625?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-264ee4?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

<!--
📝 I started my journey in computing by learning how to code in C back in 2010, before diving into web development.
I learned more languages with my studies.

📝 I started my journey in computing by learning how to code in C back in 2010,
before quickly diving into web programming languages for the quick development pace they allowed me.
Nowadays I know and use regularly several programming languages.
-->

🧰 I work on multiple and various projects – for school, work or myself –, although most are not public or not stable enough to be showcased yet.

👤 You can read more about me and my project by looking at my [Curriculum Vitae](https://matiboux.me/cv) and my [work timeline](https://matiboux.me/timeline).

![Matiboux's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=matiboux&hide_border=true&show_icons=true)
![Matiboux's Most Used Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=matiboux&langs_count=8&hide=&hide_border=true&layout=compact)

Find me there:
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0a66c2.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matiboux)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-0088cc.svg?style=flat-square&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/Matiboux)  
Visit my personal website: [matiboux.me](https://matiboux.me/)  

<!-- Reach me on Telegram: [@Matiboux](https://t.me/Matiboux) -->

Commit message:

Add a suggestion of using GitHub issues for contacting me

README.md, after:

### Hi! Here are things about me:

🖐 I'm Mati, I'm 20 years old and I live in Paris, France.

🎓 I'm a student in computer science engineering at EPITA in Paris, France.

<!-- 💻 I code in C, C++, Java, C#, Python, PHP, JavaScript. -->
💻 I code mostly in:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-2570ae.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2b%2b-659bd3.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ea2e2d.svg?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-1e9e25.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c%20sharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3b78a7.svg?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-787cb4.svg?style=flat-square&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-f7df1e.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-f16625?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-264ee4?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

<!--
📝 I started my journey in computing by learning how to code in C back in 2010, before diving into web development.
I learned more languages with my studies.

📝 I started my journey in computing by learning how to code in C back in 2010,
before quickly diving into web programming languages for the quick development pace they allowed me.
Nowadays I know and use regularly several programming languages.
-->

🧰 I work on multiple and various projects – for school, work or myself –, although most are not public or not stable enough to be showcased yet.

👤 You can read more about me and my project by looking at my [Curriculum Vitae](https://matiboux.me/cv) and my [work timeline](https://matiboux.me/timeline).

![Matiboux's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=matiboux&hide_border=true&show_icons=true)
![Matiboux's Most Used Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=matiboux&langs_count=8&hide=&hide_border=true&layout=compact)

Find me there:
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0a66c2.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matiboux)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-0088cc.svg?style=flat-square&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/Matiboux)  
Visit my personal website: [matiboux.me](https://matiboux.me/)

💬 Wanna ask something? You can reach me by [opening an issue](https://github.com/matiboux/matiboux/issues/new) here on Github or via [Telegram](https://t.me/Matiboux).
